complete rewrite of github PR comments (#1293)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: src/components/reference/_define-connection-variables.mdx

### Define environment variables needed to connect Semgrep to other CI providers

<span>For CI providers aside from {props.name}, additional environment variables must be set:</span>

<br />
<br />

> - [`SEMGREP_PR_ID`](/semgrep-ci/ci-environment-variables/#semgrep_pr_id) is set to the PR number of the pull request on GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`SEMGREP_PR_ID`](/semgrep-ci/ci-environment-variables/#semgrep_pr_id) is set to the PR number of the pull request on {props.name}.
```
